I'm Brian Bisbing from cowboy
harley-davidson of Austin we will be
replacing a motorcycle battery the
battery is under the seat on these
models we have to remove the seat
mounting screws careful don't drop them
on the paint
okay if our seat mounting screws out
most seats have a mount tongue in the
front that we have to pull back and we
need to get the seat strap off of the
bike as well
okay we have the seat off this is the
battery whenever we're removing a
battery we always disconnect the
negative terminal first take the bolt
out hold our terminal and battery cable
out of the way now we want to remove our
positive battery terminal your bolt pull
the cable up out of the way need to lift
this cover up and out of the place and
then grab our battery the battery is
kind of heavy and big
that is our motorbike motorcycle battery
out going back in we simply lower the
battery now when installing a battery we
always connect the positive cable first
we disconnected the negative first
removing we attach the positive first
putting it back in this keeps sparks
from occurring we want to install our
battery bolt
we want to hold our cable keep it from
rotating while we're tightening this
pole
this bolt needs to be tight but not
overtighten we need to tuck our battery
protector back over the terminal
now we need to attach our negative
battery cable or bolt in you'll get a
little bit of a spark we want to tighten
our negative terminal we need to put our
electrical cover back in place
verify that our cables are tight the
seat has to go through this grab strap
to the middle of the seat
we have a front tongue this metal tongue
has to go in the frame on the front of
the seat drop the front of the seat
under and that metal tongue will go into
the frame holding the front of the seat
won't come up now now we need to locate
the back of the seat once we'll install
the mounting nuts on the back of the
seat and tighten them
we need to turn the ignition switch on
verify that we have power motor cycle
will start i'm brian bismi from cowboy
harley-davidson of austin this is how we
replace a motorcycle battery